   Profile:

   When using the button profile it says “page not found”.

   Lists:

   When I used the “Lists” button in the first place there were none. As
   soon as I uploaded a document in English there was the “Basic English
   Vocabulary” list. Do lists only pop up, when uploading a file in that
   language?

   Wanting to take a look at the “Basic English Vocabulary” nothing
   happened.

   Why is that list marked yellow? Does every language have another color?

   When I wanted to “Update” the wordlist it didn't let me. It brought me
   back to the “Lists” page.

   Creating a new list is easy. Adding words to a wordlist is also
   intuitive but it seems to be a lot of work.

   What does “Blind merge to” mean? It is not applicable that wordlists
   will be merged. Only when the notice pops up one understands that.

   What does “attended merge to” mean?

   I choose to select a wordlist and merge (and keep) it to that same
   wordlist. Tortoise noted that it merged 1 wordlist. That doesn't make
   any sense to me.

   Next I chose to merge (and delete) a wordlist to that same wordlist.
   The wordlist got deleted. It would be nice if there was a notice/an
   alert whether one was sure whether they wanted to delete something.

   Upload:

   Uploading a small document takes a few minutes.

   Assets:

   Words:

   Word classifications are understandable. In addition it could be useful
   to add a color to each classification, such as blue for verbs, green
   for nouns, etc.

   For some words there are Russian descriptions next to the word
   classification,which is confusing.

   “the” is classified as an article and as an adverb although I don't
   think it can be an adverb.

   I used play as a verb. Tortoise showed that play can be a verb or a
   noun. It divides into the words play and playing that I used. I think
   it would make sense to narrow it down to only “verb” for clearly
   conjugated verbs such as playing in this case, if possible.

   Using the drop down option for individual words:

   “Nothing similar to..” means? Nothing similar in this text? When using
   the drop down option there is never anything similar to the word with
   the classification next to it. How come? Does it still make sense to
   have the drop down option there?

   When using the drop down option for an individual word, it is nice that
   that particular word is marked bold. It is only marked bold when it
   appears first in the document though. I think it would be nice to have
   it marked bold every single time it is detected in the document.

   When using the drop down option next to the words there is the option
   to “show more”. Whenever it is pressed something happens in the back
   end but not in the front end. What is there more that can be shown?
   Links to other documents?

   It's nice that there is a link to the Upload section.

   The words are always shown as their 'stem/basic form' and in the way
   they appear in the text. If there is only one way of spelling a word
   that becomes redundant,. This applies to words like the, to, me, etc.
   Therefore those words would only need to appear once in the list with
   their frequency and classification. Unless that poses a problem
   regarding the 'drop down option'.
